---
title: Dojo Echo
author: Stacy
date: 2015-10-21 23:28:00 -0400
layout: post
---

Hello visitors, Stacy here.

At this point, the dojo is an empty dojo. I'm looking for members and volunteers. If you're interested in taking part, whether you know anything about code or not, you're welcome to join in!

I started CoderDojo Melvindale because when I went to high school here, there was an awesome programming class that made a big impact on me. I long had an interest in computers and coding, particularly for making video games. However, it wasn't just what I learned that was amazing, but the _way_ I learned it. The atmosphere and the way it was taught made all the difference.

<!--more-->

In time, I found myself helping others learn to code similar to how I did, and I really enjoyed it. They enjoyed it too! My friends said I was better than their teachers. From there, I became interested in different ways to learn and teach code, reading different books and trying all kinds of online classes.

When I heard about CoderDojo and how the whole thing works, I knew I had to give it a try. In trying to get this up and running, one thing led to another, and now I work as a code reviewer and mentor. I get to help people all over the country--even around the world--learn how to code and about technology.

I don't have some elaborate plan for how this dojo works. You come in, then I'll find out what you know and what you would like to know how to do. Together, we'll figure out how to get from point A to point B. I can't say I know everything, but I'm pretty good at finding out where to go next and how to teach myself something. (Just over a week ago, I figured out how to replace an iPad screen.)

I welcome anyone who can use a keyboard and is interested to come on in. If there's something standing in your way--be it the time of the meetings or that you don't have a laptop--let me know! I'll see what I can do.

I don't think I'd be who I am today without that class. With some help, I'd like to allow others not miss out either.
